ENH Updating defaults for RandomForestRegressor and Classifier (#20803)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

  got overwritten during `fit`.
  :pr:`20534` by :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

- |API| Changed the default of :func:`max_features` to 1.0 for
  :class:`ensemble.RandomForestRegressor` and to `"sqrt"` for
  :class:`ensemble.RandomForestClassifier`. Note that these give the same fit
  results as before, but are much easier to understand. The old default value

>   `"auto"` has been deprecated and will be removed in version 1.3. The same

Reviewer: We should remove it in 1.2 if we get it in the 1.0 release.

> - |API| Renamed :func:`max_features` defaults for
>   :class:`ensemble.RandomForestRegressor` and
>   :class:`ensemble.RandomForestClassifier` to 1 and "sqrt" respectively.
>   Correspondingly updated the same for :class:`ensemble.ExtraTreesRegressor`
>   and :class:`ensemble.ExtraTreesClassifier`. Results of the fit do not
>   change. The current "auto" option has been deprecated and will be removed
>   in version 1.3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- |API| Changed the default of :func:`max_features` to `1.0` for
  :class:`ensemble.RandomForestRegressor` and to `"sqrt"` for
  :class:`ensemble.RandomForestClassifier`. Note that these give the same fit
  results as before, but are much easier to understand. The old default value
  `"auto"` has been deprecated and will be removed in version 1.3.
  The same changes are also applied for :class:`ensemble.ExtraTreesRegressor`
  and :class:`ensemble.ExtraTreesClassifier`.
```

  :class:`ensemble.HistGradientBoostingRegressor`. Please use `tol=0` for
  the same behavior. :pr:`19296` by `Thomas Fan`_.

> - |API| Changed the default of :func:`max_features` to 1.0 for

Reviewer: Yep as mentioned by @lorentzenchr we will need to move to 1.1. You will also need to update the version number here and elsewhere.
